OKTA-452179 Tuscany nut facts cleanup for org-setup/ and run-samples/ pages (#2895)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-run-samples/main/go/runwidgetapp.md

1. Click **Login**.
1. On the sign-in page, enter the username (email) and password that you've used in [Create your Okta account](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/go/main/#create-your-okta-account).

> 1. If you've successfully signed in, the following screen appears with the user name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you successfully sign in, the following screen appears with the user name:
```

   <div class="common-image-format">

    ![The default page showing the user profile information](/img/oie-embedded-sdk/oie-embedded-widget-golang-sample-app-user-default-page.png)

   </div>

### Troubleshoot

* If the "There was an unexpected internal error. Please try again." message appears instead of the Sign-In Widget, then verify that CORS is enabled. Follow the steps in [Add a trusted origin and enable CORS](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/go/main/#add-a-trusted-origin-and-enable-cors) to enable CORS.

### Start your work with the use cases

> After you have successfully run the sample app, the next step is to build your integration by using the sample app as your guide. See [Load the Widget](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-widget-use-case-load/go/main/) to start using the Widget and explore the available use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you successfully run the sample app, the next step is to build your integration by using the sample app as your guide. See [Load the Widget](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-widget-use-case-load/go/main/) to start using the Widget and explore the available use cases.
```
